Roundcube Webmail (http://roundcube.net)


ATTENTION
---------
The database schema has changed since the 0.3 release. If you're updating an
existing installation please carefully read the UPGRADING instructions and
make sure that the according SQL statements from SQL/*.update.sql are executed
on the database.


Introduction:
-------------
Roundcube Webmail is a browser-based multilingual IMAP client with an
application-like user interface. It provides full functionality you expect
from an e-mail client, including MIME support, address book, folder management,
message searching and spell checking. Roundcube Webmail is written in PHP and
requires the MySQL, PostgreSQL or SQLite database. With its plugin API it is
easily extendable and the user interface is fully customizable using skins
which are pure XHTML and CSS 2.

This project includes other open-source classes/libraries from PEAR
(http://pear.php.net), an IMAP library derrived from IlohaMail
the TinyMCE rich text editor, Googiespell library for spell checking
or the HTML sanitizer by Frederic Motte.

The current development skin uses icons designed by Stephen Horlander and Kevin 
Gerich for Mozilla.org.


Installation:
-------------
For detailed instructions on how to install RoundCube webmail on your server,
please refer to the INSTALL document in the same directory as this document.


Licensing:
----------
This product is distributed under the GPL. Please read through the file
LICENSE for more information about our license.


Contribution:
-------------
Want to help make Roundcube the best webmail solution ever?
Roundcube is open source software. Our developers and contributors all
are volunteers and we're always looking for new additions and resources.
For more information visit http://roundcube.net/contribute


Contact:
--------
For any bug reports or feature requests please refer to the tracking system
at trac.roundcube.net (http://trac.roundcube.net/wiki/Howto_ReportIssues) or 
subscribe to our mailing list. See http://roundcube.net/support
for details.

You're always welcome to send a message to the project admin:
hello@roundcube.net
